Q1.Write a Java Program to print sum of two numbers 
Q2.Write a Java Program to print difference of two numbers 
Q3.Write a Java Program to print product of two numbers 
Q4.Write a Java Program to print quotient of two numbers 
Q5.Write a Java Program to print remainder of two numbers 
Q6.Write a Java Program to Swap two numbers using third variable 
Q7.Write a Java Program to Swap of two numbers without using third variable 
Q8.Write a Java Program to print the last digit of given number N 
Q9.Write a Java Program to print the all digits Except last digit of given number N 
Q10.Write a Java Program to print the sum of the first and last digit of a 3-digit number. 
Q11.Write a Java Program to print the middle digit of a 3-digit number. 
Q12.Write a Java Program to print the absolute value of a given number. 
Q13. Write a Java Program to print the square of a given number 
Q14. Write a Java Program to print the cube of a given number 
Q15. Write a Java Program to calculate the average of three numbers 
Q16.Write a Java Program to check whether two numbers are equal, True if equal else False. 
Q17.Write a Java Program to check if a number is power of 2 using bitwise AND. 
Q18.Write a Java Program to print whether a number is positive or negative. 
Q19.Write a Java Program to find the greatest of three numbers. 
Scenario based
Q20.Write a Java Program to print Price After Discount 
Q21.Write a Java Program to Convert Minutes to Seconds 
Q22.Write a Java Program to Split the Bill Among 3 Friends 
Q23.Write a Java Program to Calculate the Distance Travelled 
Q24.Write a Java Program to Convert Kilometers to Meters

Q25. Problem Statement:
The area of an equilateral triangle is ¼(√3a²) where "a" represents a side of the triangle. You are provided with the side "a". Find the area of the equilateral triangle.
Input Description:
The side of an equilateral triangle is provided as the input.
Output Description:
Find the area of the equilateral triangle and print the answer up to 2 decimal places after rounding off.
Explanation:
Area of Triangle = ½ × base × height
⇒ Area = ½ × a × ½(√3a)
when a = 20
Area = 173.21
Sample Input:
20
Sample Output:
173.21

Q26. Problem Statement:
You are given with a number A i.e. the temperature in Celcius. Write a program to convert this into Fahrenheit. Note: In case of decimal values, round-off to two decimal places.
Input Description:
A number is provided in Celcius as the input of the program.
Output Description:
The output shall be the temperature converted into Fahrenheit corresponding to the input value print up to two decimal places and round off if required.
Explanation:
(X°C × 9/5) + 32 = 32°Fhere X is the input
Sample Input:
12
Sample Output:
53.60

Q27. Write a C Program to Distribute Candies Equally Among People

